Bumps version to 0.11.0. (#291)
amazon-ion/ion-python: CHANGES.md

### 0.11.0 (2023-10-09)
* Refactors the benchmark tool
* Uses specific ion-c version to build ion-python C extension. (#250)

> * Adds the simpleEnum class back for compatible reason. (#246)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds the simpleEnum class back for backward compatibility. (#246)
```
